{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Medium;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red76\green76\blue76;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c37036\c37036\c37036;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\info
{\author Dipl.-Ing. Barth. Feudong}
{\*\copyright Dipl.-Ing. Barth. Feudong}}\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1600\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab1300
\pard\pardeftab1300\sl216\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
\
\
Simple Home Styling\
\pard\pardeftab1300\sl216\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs92 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd-6\expndtw-28
Easy Decorating\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl264\slmult1\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs24 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd1\expndtw7
To get started, just tap or click this placeholder text and begin typing. You can view and edit this document on your Mac, iPad, iPhone, or on iCloud.com.\
It\'92s easy to edit text, change fonts and add beautiful graphics. Use paragraph styles to get a consistent look throughout your document. For example, this paragraph uses Body style. You can change it in the Text tab of the Format controls. \
To add photos, image galleries, audio clips, videos, charts or any of more than 700 customisable shapes, tap or click one of the insert buttons in the toolbar or drag and drop the objects onto the page. You can layer objects, resize them and place them anywhere on the page. To change how an object moves\'a0with text, select the object and then tap or click the Arrange tab in the Format controls.\
\pard\pardeftab1300\sl216\slmult1\sa440\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
Heading\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl264\slmult1\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd1\expndtw7
You can use Pages for both word processing and page layout. This Contemporary Report template is set up for word processing, so your text flows from one page to the next as you type, with new pages created automatically when you reach the end of a page.\
In page layout documents, you can manually rearrange pages and freely position text boxes, images and other objects on the page. To create a page layout document, choose a page layout template in the template chooser. You can also change this document to page layout on your Mac, iPad or iPhone by turning off Document Body in the Document controls.}